---
layout: post
title:  "14th IAPR-TC15 International Workshop on Graph-Based Representations in Pattern Recognition"
date:   2024-09-14 18:11:53 +0200
categories: news events
---

We are excited to announce that 14th IAPR-TC15 International Workshop on Graph-Based Representations in Pattern Recognition will be hosted from 25 to 27 June 2025 in Caen (France).

GbR is a biennial workshop organized by the 15th Technical Committee. This workshop series traditionally provides a forum for presenting and discussing research results and applications in the intersection of pattern recognition, image analysis on one side and graph theory on the other side. Additionally, new emerging topics and approaches in graph representation learning and graph neural networks are becoming relevant in pattern recognition; researchers in this field are encouraged to actively participate. Furthermore, the application of graphs to pattern recognition problems in other fields like computational topology, graphic recognition systems, bioinformatics, cybersecurity and engineering is also highly welcome at the workshop.

The scope of GbR2025 includes, but is not limited to, the following topics:

- Graph-based methodologies for pattern recognition,
- Deep learning on graphs: Graph Neural Networks, Graph pooling, Graph-autoencoders and more,
- Graph-based learning and clustering,
- Graph matching and classification,
- Graph distance and similarity measures,
- Graph kernels and graph embeddings,
- Graph based image segmentation,
- Irregular (graph) pyramids,
- Graph representation of images and shapes,
- Graphs in bioinformatics,
- Data mining on/with graphs.
- Graphs in social network analysis,
- Other graph-based applications in pattern

# Workshop chairs
- Luc Brun, ENSICAEN, France
- Benoit Gaüzère, INSA Rouen Normandie, France
- Sébastien Bougleux, Univ. of Caen, France
- Vincenzo Carletti, Univ. of Salerno, Italy

# Important Dates
- Paper submissions due: February 3, 2025
- Notification of acceptances: March 3, 2025
- Final camera-ready papers due: April 1, 2025
- Registration: June 2, 2025

More information can be found at this [link](https://gbr2025.sciencesconf.org/).





